Sorry in advance if I posted this wrong.

How to use the plusmail trick and still be able to auto verify your accounts.
-Working as of 12/15/2016 9:00am EST-

PART ONE: Using the plusmail trick.

(If using auto-verification for emails, do part 2 first!)

Niantic has blocked the plusmail trick for Gmail accounts.
They did not block the plusmail trick for hotmail accounts(yet)
Create a new hotmail account (http://hotmail.com)
Change all generator config files useing your gmail to your new hotmail
You can now create accounts useing just 1 email and the "+" trick without having to
pause for 5 minutes or add a "." in your email name.
2captchas should work as normal again
Accounts will still get hung up and keep retrying if the username is already taken so
be very unique with the name you choose and if you notice your script is stuck, just check the
availability of the username it is stuck on as well as the next couple of names.
(Unconfirmed: Solving captchas too quickly on a slow connection causes hang ups) 

PART 2: Auto-Verify your hotmail accounts

Go to your hotmail webpage (https://outlook.live.com)
Click the gear at the top right of the page
Select the option tab from the bottom
On the left side click mail and then inbox and sweep rules
Press the + sign to add a rule
Name it whatever you would like
In the drop down menu for when a message arrives select "it includes these words"
and then select "in the subject"
Type "Pokémon Trainer Club Activation" into the top box and press the +. Then press ok
In the next dropdown box below "do all of the following" select "forward,redirect, or send" and then 
"forward the message as an attachment to"
Enter the the gmail you wish to use and press ok
Now press "add action" and select "forward, redirect, or send" again but select
"Redirect this message to" and enter the same gmail. 
You should now have 2 actions. If so hit ok at the top and then hit save.
MAKE SURE you hit the save button at the top of the page.
Now you can use the email auto-verification in google scripts
(https://github.com/FrostTheFox/ptc-acc-gen/blob/master/gmailverify.js)

P.S. SOMETIMES IT CAN TAKE AWHILE FOR ALL OF THE EMAILS TO REACH YOUR GMAIL. DON'T PANIC, JUST WAIT.)

---Discovered by: Unholygod---
---Tested by: Unholygod, unbannedincoming, herecomesdiglet, OneWingedAng3l---
 
